---
template: blog-post
title: SPAC Weekly - 2020-09-19
slug: /SPAC-weekly-update-2020-09-19
date: 2020-09-19 12:00
description: SPAC, special purpose acquisition company, blank check companies,
  ipo weekly update list
featuredImage: /assets/business-1730089_1280.jpg
---

### IPO (Initial Public Offering)

1. Software Acquisition Group II (SAIIU) - 2020-09-15  
2. ACON S2 Acquisition (STWOU) - 2020-09-17
3. North Mountain Merger (NMMCU) - 2020-09-18
4. Alpha Healthcare Acquisition (AHACU) - 2020-09-18

### S-1 Filing

1. Apollo Strategic Growth Capital (APSG.U) - 2020-09-16
2. Avanti Acquisition Corp (AVAN.U) - 2020-09-16
3. VG Acquisition Corp (VGAC.U) - 2020-09-16
4. Distoken Acquisition Corp (DISTU) - 2020-09-15
5. ION Acquisition Corp 1 Ltd (IACA.U - 2020-09-15
6. Vy Global Growth (VYGG.U) - 2020-09-15
7. AEA-Bridges Impact Corp (IMPX.U) - 2020-09-14
8. Atlantic Street Acquisition (ASAQ.U) -2020-09-14
9. Montes Archimedes Acquisition (MAACU) - 2020-09-14
10. Sports Entertainment Acquisition (SEAH.U) - 2020-09-14

### COMPANY PROFILES

#### Software Acquisition Group II
- Symbol : SAIIU
- IPO Date : 2020-09-15
- S-1 Date : 2020-08-21
- The Company is a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While the Company may pursue an initial business combination target in any business or industry, it intends to focus its search on software companies, especially those targeting enterprise vertical sectors owned by private equity and venture capital firms as well as corporate carve-outs. The Company is led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jonathan Huberman, and Vice President of Acquisitions, Mike Nikzad.  In addition to Messers Huberman and Nikzad, the Board of Directors includes Andrew Nikou, Stephanie Davis, Peter Diamandis, Steven Guggenheimer and Matt Olton.  

#### ACON S2 Acquisition Corp
- Symbol : STWOU
- IPO Date : 2020-09-17
- S-1 Date : 2020-08-31
- ACON S2 Acquisition Corp announced pricing of its initial public offering of 25,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A common stock and warrants are expected to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols "STWO" and "STWOW," respectively. The Company intends to focus on businesses that employ a strategic approach to sustainability; that is, a business whose pursuit of sustainability—environmental, social and/or economic—is core to driving its performance and success. The Company's sponsor is an affiliate of ACON Investments, L.L.C.
