---
template: blog-post
title: SPAC Weekly - 2020-09-12
slug: /SPAC-weekly-update-2020-09-12
date: 2020-09-12 12:00
description: SPAC, special purpose acquisition company, blank check companies,
  ipo weekly update list
featuredImage: /assets/business-1730089_1280.jpg
---

### IPO (Initial Public Offering)

1. TWC Tech Holdings II  
       Symbol : TWCTU  
       IPO Date : 2020-09-11  

2. Starboard Value Acquisition  
       Symbol : SVACU  
       IPO Date : 2020-09-10  

3. Industrial Tech Acquisitions  
       Symbol : ITACU  
       IPO Date : 2020-09-09  


### S-1 Filing

1. Altimeter Growth Corp  
       Symbol :  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-11  

2. Delwinds Insurance Acquisition  
       Symbol : DWIN.U  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-11  

3. Qell Acquisition Corp  
       Sumbol : QELL.U  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-11  

4. Climate Change Crisis Real Impact I  
       Symbol : CLII.U  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-10  

5. Vesper Healthcare Acquisition  
       Symbol : VSPRU  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-10  

6. Dune Acquisition Corp  
       Symbol : DUNEU  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-09

7. Recharge Acquisition Corp  
       Symbol : RCHGU  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-08

8. Vector Acquisition Corp  
       Symbol : VACQU  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-08

9. FinTech Acq Corp. IV  
       Symbol : FTIVU  
       Filing Date : 2020-09-08  

10. IG Acquisition Corp  
        Symbol : IGACU  
        Filing Date : 2020-09-08  

11. Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited  
        Symbol :   
        Filing Date : 2020-09-08    


### COMPANY PROFILES

#### TWC Tech Holdings II  
- Symbol : TWCTU  
- IPO Date : 2020-09-11
- General :  
We are a newly incorporated blank check company formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. True Wind Capital, a technology-focused private investment firm, is our advisory platform. Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Adam H. Clammer, and our Chairman, Mr. James H. Greene, Jr., are the founding partners of True Wind Capital. We intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team and the broader True Wind Capital platform to identify, acquire, and operate a business in the technology and technology-enabled services sectors that may provide opportunities for attractive long-term risk-adjusted returns, though we reserve the right to pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry.  
- True Wind Capital  
 True Wind Capital is a San Francisco-based private equity firm managing $1 billion as of March 2020 that is focused on investing in leading technology companies with a broad mandate including software, financial technology, industrial technology, healthcare IT, internet, semiconductors, and IT services. True Wind Capital is a value-added partner, providing support and expertise that is rooted in its teams’ 75+ years of collective investing experience. True Wind Capital currently has a team of 15 full-time investment professionals with deep technology investing expertise.
- Business Strategy  
 Our business strategy is to utilize True Wind Capital’s existing investment identification and evaluation platform to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that our management believes, with proper utilization of our network and experience, has a compelling potential for value creation through our involvement. The True Wind Capital team will leverage their vast investment experience, deep network and technology industry expertise to identify and generate attractive acquisition opportunities among technology companies with overall transaction values between $1.0 billion and $10.0 billion.


#### Starboard Value Acquisition  
- Symbol : SVACU  
- IPO Date : 2020-09-10  
- General :   
We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination.  
Our sponsor is an affiliate of Starboard, a registered investment adviser with investment experience and a track record of value creation in portfolio companies operating in the public markets. Starboard has assembled a seasoned team of executives (the “Industry Advisors”), whom we believe will help us execute our differentiated investment strategy.  
While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that align with the background of our sponsor and Industry Advisors. These industries include the technology, healthcare, consumer, industrials and hospitality & entertainment sectors, which we refer to as our targeted sectors.



#### Industrial Tech Acquisitions  
- Symbol : ITACU  
- IPO Date : 2020-09
- Press Release :
  - Industrial Tech Acquisitions, Inc. Announces Pricing of $75.0 Million Initial Public Offering  
  - NEW YORK, Sept. 08, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Industrial Tech Acquisitions, Inc. (NASDAQ:ITACU) (“Industrial Tech Acquisitions” or the “Company”), a company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering (“IPO”) of 7,500,000 units at a price to the public of $10.00 per unit. The units are expected to be listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market (“NASDAQ”) under the symbol “ITACU” beginning September 9, 2020. Each unit issued in the IPO consists of one share of Class A common stock and one warrant to acquire one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the shares of Class A common stock and warrants are expected to be traded on NASDAQ under the symbols “ITAC” and “ITACW”, respectively.  
  - Maxim Group LLC is acting as sole book-running manager for the IPO. The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any.
  - A registration statement relating to the securities was declared effective by the SEC on September 8, 2020. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting Maxim Group LLC, 405 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10174. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.  
  - This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
  - ABOUT INDUSTRIAL TECH ACQUISITIONS, INC.  
    - Industrial Tech Acquisitions, Inc. is a blank check company, also commonly referred to as a Special Purpose Acquisition Company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company’s efforts to identify a target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although it intends to focus its search on target businesses in North America operating in the industrial focused technology areas including software, mobile and Internet of Things (“IoT”) applications, cloud communications and ultra-high bandwidth services, including LTE and 5G communications.
  - FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
    - This press release contains statements that constitute “forward-looking statements,” including with respect to the proposed IPO and the anticipated use of the net proceeds. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Company’ registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the Company's offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Copies are available on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.
  - CONTACT:
    - E. Scott Crist  
    Industrial Tech Acquisitions, Inc.  
    713-599-1300
